# Media Asset Metadata
Media assets are the core element of Digital Heritage Items and can be images, documents, video, audio files, or embedded media. 
## Fields used across all media types 

Name – The name of the resource. 
- This is autogenerated for locally hosted media but must be entered manually for links and embeds. 
- This is a required field. 

Communities and Cultural Protocols – Cultural protocols must be applied directly to media assets. 
- We strongly recommend applying the same protocol to each media asset that will be applied to the content item(s) where the asset will be used. 
- These are required fields.  

Sharing Setting – Select All or Any. 
- All means that the item may only be shared with members belonging to ALL the protocols listed. This is the more restrictive setting. 
- Any means the asset may be shared with members of ANY of the protocols listed. This is less restrictive.  

Cultural Protocol – Select the checkbox beside the cultural protocol to apply it to the asset. 

Identifier - A unique numeric or alphanumeric string that identifies the media asset. 

A unique, unambiguous reference to the media asset. Identifiers are often provided by the contributing institution or organization so the original asset can be located. Examples include call numbers or accession numbers. 

People – The name of anyone present, named, or referenced in the media asset. 
- This field feeds into the "deceased person" media content warnings. 

Media Tags - Media tags enable administrators to flag potentially sensitive media assets. 
- Users see a blacked-out box in place of the media asset overlaid with descriptive text when they visit a page with a media tag. The user may choose to click through to access the media. 
- This does not prevent users from accessing tagged media. 

Thumbnail* - A thumbnail image associated with the media asset. 
- These are automatically generated for audio, video, and URL-linked assets. 

> This is a required field for External Embeds.

## Fields unique to specific media asset types

Files - Upload Audio, Document, Image, or Video files 

Contributor - The name of the speaker or singer of a recording. Applies to Audio and SoundCloud recordings.

Transcription - A transcription of an Audio recording.

External Embed - The embed code for an external file.

Remote Video via URL - Video files can be very large, using a third party to host video content for access copies saves storage space on your server. Both YouTube (youtube.com) and Vimeo (vimeo.com) offer private and/or unlisted hosting of videos, allowing you to privately host content on either service, and then feed those videos into your Mukurtu site. Please note that each of these hosting services has their own list of supported file formats.

SoundCloud Track URL - This field includes URLs for SoundCloud Tracks, Albums, and Playlists. Audio files can be very large, using a third party to host audio content for access copies saves storage space on your server. SoundCloud offers private audio hosting, allowing you to privately host content on either service, and then feed that audio into your Mukurtu site. Please note that SoundCloud has its own list of supported file formats.

For more information on Media Assets, see:

- [Understanding Media Assets](UnderstandingMediaAssets.md)
- [Creating Media Assets](upload-media-assets.md)